TODO / CHANGES TO MAKE:

== Lots of refactoring needs to be done for simplicity sake.

== Clean up older game session files if they dont contain any matches / dont contain any rounds inside the matches folders
   this means those are just a waste of space and we can remove them so it doesnt bloat our logging folder.

== Need to distinguish another weird case scenario, where if the program crashes or they stop the program mid match, what are we doing with the older match files. We either have to delete the older folder or somehow check over it and see if it has info or is a completed match
   and with this we determine if we need to delete it or not. - this is kind of a complex thing to do right now and implement and is very specific in its case so i will leave it as is right now until it becomes a issue lol.

(This is a really weird bug that rarely happens.)
== Fix game session folders to correctly renumber themselves when they are deleted or created from a new point for example if we have gamesession 2 empty, and gamesession 3 full,  we need to delete 2 and rename 3 to 2

        //EH- we will see - Thirdly we need to make sure that we fix the issue that if we didn't qualify that the player qualfiication number is like -1 or 0 to make sure it can really know when we qualified vs when we were eliminated. - then we can handle that -1 or 0 value in the backend.
        //We need to work on refactoring some code, and making some things into functions to shorten everything, and finally clean up some other parts.
        //Final and last but not least thing is fixing and working on the duration so it appropriately shows how long a round took to finish.
        //Figure out if there is a way to know if a map is a survival or not because the position aspect of the log doesnt really make sense for that type of map. So as of right now i dont know how to handle it
        //Last but not least to fix is to know when we have won the whole game or not - im assuming if i stay till the end of the match i can use the "crowns" info which if its 1, i assume i won , and if its 0 we lost.


Do some more testing tomorrow - two weird issues have showed up
1.when the game has a mattch inside of the session folder for some reason now the file doesnt recreate itself as fast, so the old session match folder is recognized because its reading the player log, we need to solve this. - think i fixed this, need more testing
2. when the player playys a round now and leaves the game prematurely there is a issue where its not recognizing and deleting the folder correctly this needs to be addressed. - weird this seems to not always happen?? im so confused need to do more testing. - think i fixed this?? maybe
-- need more testing, 2 seems to be a very specific scenario it happens for but im to tired tonight to solve it.




*TODO'S TASKS* FINISHED AND FIXES THAT WERE MADE:
== Find a way to go over every single round after a match and add the missing info i cannot get at real time.

== Start printing the correct player id each game for the player and start retrieving the real time data for duration of round, player id, placement, map id. - the rest of it all can only be retrieved end of match unfortunately.

== Start printing the info to the round files

== Find a way to also aggregate all the files for rounds into one at the end of the match

== Start working on making the round information in the text file parse the correct map from the log - relates to level stats.

== Fix so that it deletes the appropriate match folder and its child files for round if we leave the game prematurely.

== Fix premature check to make sure that it isnt true when we finish the game all the way but don't win - for some reason the log file takes a while to print while its doing its ending animation and this causes the check i have to return null for a while
    to get around this i am now doing something where if the end of game round info is printed we can assume we made it through the whole match and then check with a boolean to not print if the match as printed end of match info.

== Fix issue where some maps are not recognized by our level stat hash map because of changes fall guys made to the logs, so we need to correct for those changes and mistakes so they can be loaded normally and recognized correctly

== Have a fix for if the map doesnt exist we just avoid printing it out so that we avoid sending false data to the server when we don't know the map name either because of a new update or changes to the logs.

*TODO'S TASKS* FINISHED AND FIXES THAT WERE MADE BUT THAT MIGHT STILL NEED REVISION IN THE FUTURE:

== Eventually find a way to determine if we should make a new game session or not and if something from the logs is going to help us do this
    my idea right now is to check if the logs length is greater then a certain value such as 3000 for lines, as the base log file starts at about 3000 lines, if it is above this we can assume its the same game session
    or instead of that we can check to see if the logs we are currently reading has existing round info in it from previous matches, which if it does when we start the app and the game has been loaded already
    this can be assumed that we are still in the same current game session and not to create another new game session folder.

ClientGameManager::HandleServerPlayerProgress PlayerId=36 is succeeded=False
== we need to do the check above to make sure that if we are in squads and get elminiated on a round
    we check for the statement above, and if we didnt suceeded and we left the match we can assume we are leaving because
    we will not be qualifying for the next round
    so even though we dont get "rewards"
    we can still get our placement, round duration till we died, map name, and round number
    and then handle the rest of the info we cant get back on the database as some special value like
    -10, which means this is not something we retrieved for that match or round.

== Need to implement a fix for cleaning up the folders when they are basically empty and not written with
    information. In specific i mean the round files, we have to check over those to make sure they round info
    is written inside and if not we delete it to keep it clean.
    In specific this is mostly for when the program stops running mid match. If this is something that happens
    then the round files may only be semi populated or we might have created the round file
    and then it ends up being empty
    we want to be sure that this is cleaned up, since when we send it to the database we dont want to send
    empty round information as this can cause weird issues/false data for some places.
    this is the last of my worries tho and i can implement it down the line as its a very niche scenario
